[docs] translate config v2 and other DevOps-related content (#18927)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/devops/concepts/versioning.md

1. Last two digits of the release year
2. Major version number within the year
3. Minor version number within the major
4. Patch number within the minor
5. Release type

Thus, major releases are usually identified by two components, for example, `24.3` is the third major release in 2024. Minor releases are identified by three components, for example, `24.3.14` is the fourteenth minor release within the third major version of 2024.

A list of available versions can be found on the [download page](../../downloads/index.md). The {{ ydb-short-name }} release policy is described in more detail in the [{#T}](../../contributor/manage-releases.md) article in the {{ ydb-short-name }} developer documentation section.

## Version Compatibility {#version-compatibility}

{% note info %}

Previously, the {{ ydb-short-name }} server version consisted of 3 numbers (for example, `v24.3.3`), starting with major version `25.1`, a fourth number has been added, which denotes the patch number (for example, `v25.1.1.3`). More details about changes in version naming are [here](../../contributor/manage-releases.md).

{% endnote %}

> All minor versions within one major version are compatible for updates. Major versions are sequentially compatible. To update to the next major version, you should first update to the last available minor release of the current major version. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
You can update {{ ydb-short-name }} to a new version in the following cases:

- If the major version numbers are the same, the minor versions can differ.
- If the major version numbers differ by one, first update to the latest available minor release of the current major version before updating to the next major version.

For example:
```
